PPPoE.md, before:

# Point-to-Point Protocol over Ethernet

## example pppoe configuration
Plug the 'internet' into port eth0. This was tested with ppoe credentials from Deutsche Telekom.

```
set interfaces ethernet eth0 description WAN
set interfaces ethernet eth0 duplex auto
set interfaces ethernet eth0 ip
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 default-route auto
# configure your firewall on pppoe0 and not on eth0
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 firewall in name WAN_IN
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 firewall local name WAN_LOCAL
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 mtu 1492 # this is important
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 name-server none # set your own dns server
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 password 00000000
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 user-id 0000000000001111111111110001@t-online.de
set interfaces ethernet eth0 speed auto
```

## using a draytek vigor 130 as a "pure" modem
- https://www.draytek.de/einrichtung-internet-mit-t-online.html
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Whbg_KnumM
- make sure you run the lastest firmware of the draytek vigor 130 !!!

## configure NAT
If you are using nat and ppoe then you have to configure NAT on **pppoe**. 

```
set service nat rule 5010 description 'Masquerade for WAN'
set service nat rule 5010 log disable
set service nat rule 5010 outbound-interface pppoe0
set service nat rule 5010 protocol all
set service nat rule 5010 source address 10.10.0.0/16
set service nat rule 5010 type masquerade
```


# don't forget to turn TCP MMC clamping on
otherwise some sites will not load.
```
set firewall options mss-clamp interface-type all
set firewall options mss-clamp mss 1412
```

Commit message:

update PPPoE.md: add troubleshoot section

PPPoE.md, after:

# Point-to-Point Protocol over Ethernet
This article will explain how to configure your EdgeRouter as a PPPoE client.

## Example PPPoE configuration
Plug the 'internet' into port eth0. This was tested with ppoe credentials from the ISP "Deutsche Telekom".

```
set interfaces ethernet eth0 description WAN
set interfaces ethernet eth0 duplex auto
set interfaces ethernet eth0 ip
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 default-route auto
# configure your firewall on pppoe0 and not on eth0
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 firewall in name WAN_IN
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 firewall local name WAN_LOCAL
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 mtu 1492 # this is important
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 name-server none # set your own dns server. Don't use the one from your ISP
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 password 00000000
set interfaces ethernet eth0 pppoe 0 user-id 0000000000001111111111110001@t-online.de
set interfaces ethernet eth0 speed auto
```

## Using a draytek vigor 130 as a "pure" modem
- https://www.draytek.de/einrichtung-internet-mit-t-online.html
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Whbg_KnumM
- make sure you run the lastest firmware of the draytek vigor 130 !!!

## NAT configuration
If you are using NAT and PPPoE then you have to configure NAT on the interface **pppoe**. 

```
set service nat rule 5010 description 'Masquerade for WAN'
set service nat rule 5010 log disable
set service nat rule 5010 outbound-interface pppoe0
set service nat rule 5010 protocol all
set service nat rule 5010 source address 10.10.0.0/16
set service nat rule 5010 type masquerade
```

## Configure TCP MMC clamping
If you don't set the correct TCP mms-clamp value some sites will not load correctly.

```
set firewall options mss-clamp interface-type all
set firewall options mss-clamp mss 1412
```

## Troubleshoot
Here are some usefull commands that could help you troubleshoot your PPPoE connection

```
show pppoe-client
show interfaces pppoe pppoe0 log
```
